enums/EventType.mdx, before:

---
title: 'EventType'
---

| Value  | Description |
| :----- | :---------- |
| <nobr>`in`</nobr> | Deposit |
| <nobr>`out`</nobr> | Withdrawal |
| <nobr>`fee`</nobr> | Network fee (gas or signature costs) |
| <nobr>`negative-deposit`</nobr> | Negative deposit |
| <nobr>`stake-delegation`</nobr> | Stake delegation |
| <nobr>`stake-undelegation`</nobr> | Stake undelegation |
| <nobr>`stake-claim`</nobr> | Stake claim |
| <nobr>`stake-earn-reward`</nobr> | Stake earn reward |
| <nobr>`stake-reward-accrued`</nobr> | Stake reward accrued |
| <nobr>`allowance`</nobr> | Allowance approval |
| <nobr>`nft-in`</nobr> | NFT incoming |
| <nobr>`nft-out`</nobr> | NFT outgoing |
| <nobr>`nft-allowance`</nobr> | NFT allowance |
| <nobr>`loyalty-lock`</nobr> | Loyalty program lock |
| <nobr>`loyalty-unlock`</nobr> | Loyalty program unlock |
| <nobr>`loyalty-reward`</nobr> | Loyalty program reward |
| <nobr>`canton-reward`</nobr> | Deposit Canton Network rewards |
| <nobr>`message-signed`</nobr> | Message Signed |
| <nobr>`deposit-offer`</nobr> | Deposit offer |

Commit message:

add transaction approvals and assets prices endpoints

enums/EventType.mdx, after:

---
title: 'EventType'
---

| Value  | Description |
| :----- | :---------- |
| <nobr>`in`</nobr> | Deposit |
| <nobr>`out`</nobr> | Withdrawal |
| <nobr>`fee`</nobr> | Network fee (gas or signature costs) |
| <nobr>`negative-deposit`</nobr> | Negative deposit |
| <nobr>`stake-delegation`</nobr> | Stake delegation. You stake to validator and your funds are locked in it. |
| <nobr>`stake-undelegation`</nobr> | Initiates the process of undelegating stake from a validator. Funds may be returned immediately or after an unbonding period. |
| <nobr>`stake-withdrawn`</nobr> | Stake funds became available in your balance after undelegation, either automatically or after a separate claim transaction. |
| <nobr>`stake-earn-reward`</nobr> | Stake rewards increased your available balance, either automatically or via an explicit reward claim. |
| <nobr>`stake-reward-accrued`</nobr> | Stake rewards were credited to your staking balance or a separate staking rewards balance, without increasing the available balance yet. |
| <nobr>`stake-pool-created`</nobr> | A new stake pool was created from the account. If an initial delegation was made during creation, the amount reflects it. |
| <nobr>`stake-pool-unjailed`</nobr> | A previously jailed stake pool was restored and allowed to participate in staking again. |
| <nobr>`stake-transferred`</nobr> | Stake or staking position was transferred between validators or pools, depending on the network protocol. |
| <nobr>`allowance`</nobr> | Allowance approval |
| <nobr>`nft-in`</nobr> | NFT incoming |
| <nobr>`nft-out`</nobr> | NFT outgoing |
| <nobr>`nft-allowance`</nobr> | NFT allowance |
| <nobr>`loyalty-lock`</nobr> | Loyalty program lock |
| <nobr>`loyalty-unlock`</nobr> | Loyalty program unlock |
| <nobr>`loyalty-reward`</nobr> | Loyalty program reward |
| <nobr>`canton-reward`</nobr> | Deposit Canton Network rewards |
| <nobr>`message-signed`</nobr> | Message Signed |
| <nobr>`deposit-offer`</nobr> | Deposit offer |
