enums/TransactionType.mdx, before:

---
title: 'TransactionType'
---

| Value  | Description |
| :----- | :---------- |
| <nobr>`deposit`</nobr> | Deposit transaction |
| <nobr>`withdrawal`</nobr> | Withdrawal transaction |
| <nobr>`multi-withdrawal`</nobr> | Withdraw to multiple addresses transaction |
| <nobr>`negative-deposit`</nobr> | For some networks fees are paid by receiver, so there can be case, when paid fees are greater that income value |
| <nobr>`auto-withdrawal`</nobr> | Withdrawals that were made by the network and wasn't initiated (signed) by the wallet |
| <nobr>`allowance`</nobr> | Allow other wallet to manage funds (ERC20 allowance) |
| <nobr>`defi`</nobr> | Transactions created through wallet connect |
| <nobr>`defi-message`</nobr> | Message signing through wallet connect |
| <nobr>`address-activation`</nobr> | Activate address on blockchain |
| <nobr>`address-creation`</nobr> | Register address on blockchain |
| <nobr>`swap-lifi`</nobr> | Swap transaction by LiFi provider |
| <nobr>`intents`</nobr> | Swap transaction by Intents smart contract |
| <nobr>`loyalty-lock`</nobr> | Lock funds to Loyalty program |
| <nobr>`loyalty-unlock`</nobr> | Unlock funds from Loyalty program |
| <nobr>`loyalty-collect-rewards`</nobr> | Collect rewards from Loyalty program |
| <nobr>`canton-reward`</nobr> | Deposit Canton Network rewards |
| <nobr>`nft-deposit`</nobr> | NFT deposit transaction |
| <nobr>`nft-withdrawal`</nobr> | NFT withdrawal transaction |
| <nobr>`nft-allowance`</nobr> | Allow other wallet to manage NFT |

Commit message:

add transaction approvals and assets prices endpoints

enums/TransactionType.mdx, after:

---
title: 'TransactionType'
---

| Value  | Description |
| :----- | :---------- |
| <nobr>`deposit`</nobr> | Deposit transaction |
| <nobr>`withdrawal`</nobr> | Withdrawal transaction |
| <nobr>`multi-withdrawal`</nobr> | Withdraw to multiple addresses transaction |
| <nobr>`negative-deposit`</nobr> | For some networks fees are paid by receiver, so there can be case, when paid fees are greater that income value |
| <nobr>`auto-withdrawal`</nobr> | Withdrawals that were made by the network and wasn't initiated (signed) by the wallet |
| <nobr>`allowance`</nobr> | Allow other wallet to manage funds (ERC20 allowance) |
| <nobr>`defi`</nobr> | Transactions created through wallet connect |
| <nobr>`defi-message`</nobr> | Message signing through wallet connect |
| <nobr>`address-activation`</nobr> | Activate address on blockchain |
| <nobr>`address-creation`</nobr> | Register address on blockchain |
| <nobr>`stake-delegation`</nobr> | Delegate funds to staking |
| <nobr>`stake-undelegation`</nobr> | Request undelegation of staked funds so they can become available again |
| <nobr>`stake-claim`</nobr> | Claim staked funds after the unbonding period by signing a transaction, making them available for use. |
| <nobr>`stake-withdrawal`</nobr> | Withdraw staked funds after the unbonding period, making them available for use. |
| <nobr>`stake-take-reward`</nobr> | Withdraw staking rewards to the available balance |
| <nobr>`stake-earn-reward`</nobr> | Staking rewards earned from delegated funds |
| <nobr>`swap-lifi`</nobr> | Swap transaction by LiFi provider |
| <nobr>`intents`</nobr> | Swap transaction by Intents smart contract |
| <nobr>`loyalty-lock`</nobr> | Lock funds to Loyalty program |
| <nobr>`loyalty-unlock`</nobr> | Unlock funds from Loyalty program |
| <nobr>`loyalty-collect-rewards`</nobr> | Collect rewards from Loyalty program |
| <nobr>`canton-reward`</nobr> | Deposit Canton Network rewards |
| <nobr>`nft-deposit`</nobr> | NFT deposit transaction |
| <nobr>`nft-withdrawal`</nobr> | NFT withdrawal transaction |
| <nobr>`nft-allowance`</nobr> | Allow other wallet to manage NFT |
